[Music]
i just voted
i'm so excited that was fun what are you
doing
you're throwing away your receipt
[Music]
hey remember before the remember
remember for the apocalypse
but back in my time yeah it's still like
it's still going to feel so much better
to me that the election will be over
i won't have to [ __ ] worry about
donald trump anymore and i'll
stop hearing people [ __ ] on facebook
i'm so annoyed with all that um
so it'll be nice and also like what are
we all gonna argue about over
on facebook oh we'll find we'll find a
way we'll find something new
but you know even though like the female
thing isn't like a huge deal it is going
to be kind of cool to like
finally have the first woman president
so that's going to be like a moment in
history
yeah it's going to be a moment in
history you know like her
our great grandkids are going to be
reading about it in the history
textbooks
in the history textbook first three i'm
looking forward to her victory speech
where everyone's cheering and then it's
like this feeling of unity hopefully it
comes to that point
where there's like some feeling of unity
even though there's been a lot of like
you know arguing of course but anyways
two hours later
hey guys so i am intoxicated right now
and i'm watching the
election results
and donald trump won the house the
senate
that went republican too republican
majority so we're essentially
[ __ ] what do you think about this
tiffy
tippy's really pissed she's a democrat
so i don't know guys i'm gonna go i just
i wanted to make a quick video and
i don't know i uh i'm really sad
i don't even know if i properly conveyed
how sad i am in this video but i'm very
sad and i'm very defeated and uh
scared scared for what's gonna happen in
the future a lot of people say it's not
gonna matter it's not gonna matter who
wins but i think it does matter i feel
like a lot of the progress we've made a
lot of uh social rights are going to be
taken away and then people are going to
be like oh i can't believe it i'd be
like well
that's what you [ __ ] get it just kind
of crushes me a little bit
i'm kind of i'm scared i'm scared for
for the progress that we've made
for for women's rights and gay rights
and uh
you know advances in environmental
issues and healthcare like i just
donald trump doesn't even believe that
there is climate change like he
i um i don't really want to uh go
into my disgust with donald trump
obviously you guys know how i feel i've
made several videos where i
talk about how i i think he's a
misogynistic racist piece of [ __ ]
um so i won't go into that in this video
i
just i don't have words one eternity
later before uh kanye did go in to vote
he tweeted this god is good today i am
voting for the very first time i live
for the president united states
and it's someone i truly trust me kanye
west's first stab at the presidency
ended with him reportedly accumulating
about 60 000 votes in the 12 states
where he appeared on the ballot
the rapper appeared to concede his
longshot bid on twitter tuesday night
posting a photo of himself in front of a
map of the united states along with the
caption
kanye 2024
do
michael flynn a key figure in what will
be one of the defining
scandals of donald trump's presidency he
is now at the center of a new
controversy in the united states trump
is giving him a full pardon
for crimes related to the russia
investigation and keeping with something
he's done throughout his time in the
white house he is
doing it announcing that he's pardoning
him in a tweet
and now it's time for the moment of
our guest of honor they've been waiting
in this case
he's been waiting for this and uh
bring him out look at that beautiful
beautiful bird
oh so lucky that is a lucky bird
between you people don't answer don't
talk to me that way you're just uh
you're just a lightweight don't talk to
me that way
don't talk i'm the president of the
united states don't ever talk to the
president that way
all right
[Music]
but i think that there will be a lot of
things happening between now and the
20th
of january a lot of things massive fraud
has been found
we're like a third world country you
know this tradition
for previous presidents to go to the
next president's inauguration
i don't want to say that yet i mean i
know the answer i'll be honest i know
the answer but i just don't want to say
it yet
president trump took in a round of golf
early friday before heading off to camp
david
speaking to reporters on thanksgiving
evening the president again made
baseless claims
this election was a fraud this it was a
rigged election friday a federal appeals
court in pennsylvania added to the
president's recent losses
rejecting a lawsuit there the judge a
president trump appointee wrote
charges require specific allegations and
then proof
we have neither here
oh my god i'm tired why am i why are you
tired because of the election
you